Improved imput validiation for indentityids in order to filter unwant… (#40085)
demisto/content: Packs/CiscoUmbrellaReporting/ReleaseNotes/1_1_8.md

#### Integrations
##### Cisco Umbrella Reporting

> - Improved imput validiation for indentityids in order to filter unwanted values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved the input validation for the ***identityids*** filter argument to allow for the filtering of unwanted values.
```
